Fixes #4854 Explicitly handle nullptr in sax_parse (#4873)
nlohmann/json: docs/mkdocs/docs/home/exceptions.md

    ```
    [json.exception.other_error.501] unsuccessful: {"op":"test","path":"/baz","value":"bar"}
    ```

### json.exception.other_error.502

> This exception occurs when a null pointer is passed as SAX handler in json.sax_parse() operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This exception occurs when a null pointer is passed as SAX handler in [sax_parse](../api/basic_json/sax_parse.md) function.
```

    ```
    [json.exception.other_error.501] unsuccessful: {"op":"test","path":"/baz","value":"bar"}
    ```

### json.exception.other_error.502

> when sax_parse operation has failed due to sax handler being nulllptr

Reviewer: Please make a complete sentence out of this. Typo: "nulllptr" -> "null pointer".

!!! failure "Example message"

>     Executing `nlohmann::json.sax_parse(some_string, nullptrHandle)`:

Reviewer: Remove this line as the pseudo code is not helping here - the actual error is described above.

Author: Removed.
